Removes Puma configuration (#151)
workarea-commerce/workarea: docs/source/articles/configuration-for-hosting.html.md

### Web

> Please see workarea-commerce-cloud plugin for hosting configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're a subscriber to the Workarea Commerce Cloud, you should use the [`workarea-commerce-cloud`](https://github.com/workarea-commerce/workarea-commerce-cloud) plugin for hosting configuration. Otherwise, we recommend a standard Rails Puma configuration.
```
